From hanselminutes.com. It's Hanselman. It's
our weekly discussion with web
developer and technologists. Scott Hanselman.
This is Lawrence Ryan announcing show
number three Oh seven. Recorded
live Thursday, February 23rd, 2012. Support for
Hansel minutes is provided by
Telerik rad controls, the most
comprehensive suite of components for
windows forms and asp.net web
applications online@wwwdotteldrik.com. In this episode,
Scott talks with Curtis Pope
CEO of isle finder about
creating a location-based mobile startup.
Hi, this is Scott Hanselman
and this is another episode
of Hansel minutes. And today
I'm going to talk about
startups and mobile. I've talked
a little bit about startups
lately. I've talked a little
bit about mobile, but now
I've got someone who's actually
doing both. Okay. Curtis hope
on the phone, who is
the CEO of isle finder.
Thanks for chatting with me.
Oh, thanks, Scott. I really
appreciate taking time to talk
to me. This is an
honor. No, no, my pleasure.
My pleasure. So I'll find
her. What is it? I
will find her as essentially
Google maps for supermarkets. So
we help people navigate grocery
stores by giving him the
aisle numbers of the items
on their shopping list. Okay.
So that's that's mapping, but
it's inside of a building.
It's where do you get
that? We get it directly
from the store is actually
so with every one of
our sores that's inside of
our app, we essentially contact
them. We make a small
relationship with the store manager
and then we, you know,
start that relationship by gathering
information and trying to ascertain
where things are in the
store and what kind of
layout they have in their
stores, because all the stores
are different. I mean, you
go to any store in
the U S and you
know, nine times out of
10, they're all different from
each other. So that's kind
of the challenge that we're
we're facing every day. So
grocery stores aren't, aren't standardized
like Safeway is a common
grocery store here or Kroger
in, in the U S
they don't say, well, you
know, every Safeway has to
have its produce off to
the one side. They don't
standardize. No, essentially what happens
is every store has they
take into account the demographic
data who's buying, what and
what kind of audience they're
serving, so to speak. And
then you coupled that with
the fact that store managers
have full autonomy, so they
can decide, you know, on
a whim that, you know,
they need to move the
produce to the, the exact
other side of the store.
And all they have to
do is run it up
the flagpole and say, Hey,
we're going to do this
because you know, our customers
are constantly coming in this
entrance and you know, this
is where they expect things
to be. Or, you know,
they expect the, you know,
the baby food to be
on the top shelf or
the, you know, the, the
very back of the store
because they want people to
walk through the store. So
there's a lot of really
thought, really thoughtful actions that
go into the process of
putting things on the shelf
and locating things within the
store. And how often does
that data change? I mean,
if I'm a store manager,
how often am I going
to decide to move an
entire aisle? I'll give you
a few examples. So with
the store, by my house,
they changed things probably once
every three months, which, which
is pretty fair. Actually, I
think that that's great, but
you know, the fact is
that they just don't have
the budget to hire in
a company to do this
sort of thing on a
month to month basis. So
what they try to do
is think of the changes
that they want to do.
And every six months to
a year and a half,
that's usually when they're, they're
actually moving things around and,
and, and figuring out what
the layout's going to look
like for, you know, the
next year and a half
from that. So, so it's
a big commitment for them.
When I talked to the
kids, the grocery kids and
the people who work at
the, at the grocery store,
they always know where stuff
is, they'll know immediately where
it is now. I assume
that that's because there's a
map and like internally they
have some document, maybe it's
on paper, but surely there's,
there is a master map
that the guy in charge
can just hand out and
say, all right, you know,
memorize this, can they just
fax you some master map?
Or is it all just,
it is where it is.
Yeah. It's a little bit
More heuristic than that. I
actually, my very first job
was actually in a supermarket.
So I kind of know
what the internal workings are.
And, and ironically, none of
that has really changed from
chain to chain. There are
some chains that actually, you
know, they pride themselves on
giving their customers this sort
of information Railey's and knob
Hill. They do this thing
all the time. They, you
know, they even put it
on the carts, but some
stores are a little bit
more secretive about that. They
don't want their competitors to
know, you know, where they're
late, how they're late, how
their store's laid out. They
see it as competitive advantage
as far as like the
employees working at the store.
You're right. These are like
the best resources for finding
things within the store. Oftentimes
I know here in California,
it's, it's more or less
you, you asked the kind
of questions like, you know,
where is, you know, the
cardamom seeds and, you know,
the, the person will look
at you as though is
this the animal mineral or
vegetable, you know, so, so
it's more like the hard
to find stuff. We want
to categorize that stuff in
order to let people navigate
and know where those things
are. If they want to
try the next Rachel Ray recipe,
or, you know, Mario Batali
recipe. And it has that
real unique, distinct, you know,
ingredient, they just can't find,
or it's hard to find
them then of course, that's
why you use aisle finder.
So in my, in my
mind, whenever I hear about
a new application, I think
you probably do the same
as it, as a developer
type. I start building the
data model. So I'm thinking
to myself, well, I could
create, you know, there's stores
and stores have aisles and
aisles have numbers and aisles
have sides. So there's like
21, a and 31 B
and stuff like that. But
at the same time, I
could be generic. I could
say, well, breads are on
three a or I could
say this specific brand of
Dave's bread is there. And
then suddenly my data model
gets really full. It's a
complete store inventory. How deep
do you go in, in
detail? We actually go pretty
deep. And it's funny that
you, that you mentioned that
process, you know, that you
go through yourself because I
do the same thing. You
were thinking of things in
a very object oriented way.
And you know, when I,
you know, I'm a developer
and a designer, so, you
know, that's kind of how
I thought. I said, well,
you know, what are the
objects of the store? You
know, you have your customers,
you have your products, you
have your aisles, you have,
you know, your, your individual
inventory, all these different things,
and you have your categories
as well. And so initially
we started just doing category
mapping. So we said, okay,
your paper goods are on
this aisle. Your produce is
on the left side. Your,
you know, your baby food,
your baby products are essentially
on this aisle, you know,
so it was very vague
in the very beginning. But
as you see, like more
data popping up in our
store, you'll see that there's
a little bit more specificity,
as far as, you know,
what side, what shelf, this
sort of information. It gets
really, really, really granular, but
we try to, you know,
make it really simple for,
you know, our shoppers, the
people that are using our
apps so that they can
get at least a good
sense of where things are
in the store. And do
you intend it to become
a shopping, a shopping list
where I would go in
and put down the exact
products, and then you start
keeping pricing information and all,
you know, all the details
down to like scanning that
item. Like, might I go
through my house, UPC scan
a bunch of things, and
then you'll tell me what,
in what order to walk.
Yeah, actually, it's interesting that
you mentioned that because we
actually have an API that
exposes all that data, you
know, pricing, data included. And
the next version of that
is actually gonna have, you
know, barcode information, UPC information
so that people can do
that sort of tracking of
what their mind, you know,
by essentially when you throwing
a jar away, just scan
the barcode and it's added
to your list. You know,
this kind of information is
really helpful because that's just
the way people are shopping
these days. It's, you know,
it's the process now. So
as a business person, then
your, your, your property is
kind of in two places,
you've got the application and
the data model and the,
you know, the services and
you've got, you know, all
the different apps for all
the different phones, but it's
also the data that you've
collected and the relationships that
you've built with those, you
know, with those grocery stores,
I suppose the competition would
have to, if they were
to come up, they would
have to start calling all
of these grocery stores and
building those relationships that you've
built over the last few
years. Yeah. And, and it's,
it's hard business, you know,
when I first started this,
I mean, literally there was,
I mean, the history of,
of doing an app like
this, or even a, you
know, in the past, it
was like, you know, an
application that you would have
on your, on your PC.
Just the fact of doing
this on, on that kind
of level was so, so
difficult that a lot of
people gave up on the
idea. So what I did
was when I wanted to
actually build this out there
wasn't anybody out there that
I can just kind of
model my pattern after. This
was something that, you know,
I knew I had to
kind of create from scratch.
And so it is hard
gathering that data, that, and
so I, knowing that that's
why I created an API,
so I can help other
developers to essentially build off
the platform and build off
of our experience and also
our relationships and our data
so that they can at
least, you know, hit the
ground running and not have
to, you know, not have
to go through the process
of, you know, calling each
store and everything. So, All
right. Well, let me dig
into a couple of questions
that I think that people
who, who don't have a
startup might want to understand,
because I know that I
want to understand these things.
Sure. So you, How many
people are you let's start
there Right now, it's four
people. So it's me. And
then I have three full
time. I have one full
time person and two temporary
people. And, and this one
person Janeka, she's actually the,
I call it the archivist.
She's like the chief archivist.
So she's charged with actually
calling each store, making the
relationship and, and at least
getting the ball rolling to
where they can contact someone
about, you know, gathering data.
The second person, his name
is Harpreet, and he's a
really cool guy. He's more
a kind of a generalist.
He kind of does everything
that we need to get
done, you know, from answering
emails, to calling up stores
and, and, and all that.
And then there's a, another
guy, his name is Phillip
gothy. Wow. It was still
a golf that day. He's
from India as well. And,
and what his job is,
is actually on the data
acquisition side. So he's more
dealing with the product information,
making sure that's up to
date and a UPC information.
As of late, he's been
really, you know, kind of
forging the path with that
and, and taking that over
so that I can focus
on the development design. And
we're looking to hire like
one more person over the
next year. You're the chief
designer, you're the chief developer,
or you're the CEO, but
you're also like you own
the code. Yeah, exactly. So
every pixel and every line
of code is all me.
And this is real common.
When you think about like
a, what we call a
micro ISV or kind of
a startup is that there's,
everyone's gotta be good at
everything, you know, and you're
incubating this thing. There's no
time to hire 20 people
and start burning money. If
you go through this yourself
and you do it yourself.
When I go to the
website though, I'll find her.com
it's totally professional. And the
first thing that I'm kind
of surprised to see is
the press. And it's like
tech crunch and ReadWrite web,
and seeing that CNN money,
how PC magazine, how are
you able to do that?
How do you get that
kind of press? Cause I
know so many people, I
get a lot of emails
from folks and I see
a lot of products that
just can't get the story
told. Is that, is that
you and your team, or
is that that like, are
you able to somehow get
these guys to write about
you or is it just
that it's a great idea
and they want to write
you about it, right? Oh
man. That's a hard question.
It's a little bit of
both, to be honest. I
mean, we don't have like
a PR company. We don't,
you know, we don't do
any of that stuff. We,
we, we don't spend hardly
anything on marketing, if anything,
it's like, you know, you
know, Google ads, that's about
the most that we spend
on marketing. If, if anything,
and even that is like
a shoestring budget. So the
way that we've been able
to do it, I mean,
it's mostly me because what
I do is actually I
contact writers and just kind
of, I make the relationship.
I tell them what we're
doing. You know, I send
them a lot of screenshots
in order for them to,
you know, build the story.
And oftentimes what really works
is, is just framing your
individual story and saying, look,
you know, I got really
tired of, of, you know,
being lost in the grocery
store. I wanted to build
an app that would, you
know, help that help, that
particular problem. And, and, you
know, I built something and,
you know, if you guys
would like to write about
it, that'd be really great.
If not, then, you know
what part is friends and,
and, you know, I still
appreciate, but I still appreciate
the, the opportunity, you know,
to at least reach out
and more times than not
actually writers. If you really
follow a writer, that's usually
the best bit of advice
that I give any startup
is if you follow a
writer specifically, then, you know,
tell them, let them know
just like us. We like
to be appreciated for our
work. And that's, their work
is building and crafting stories
and telling stories in order
to help the public, understand
what companies are about. And,
and, you know, I've been
very fortunate to, to, you
know, make relationships and, and
tell them my story. And,
and if they identify with
it, they write about it.
If not, then, you know,
it's still good to get
in contact with, with people
in the media. Don't don't
you get overwhelmed though. I
mean, you're the CEO, you're
the chief developer got an
iPhone app. You've got a
backend, you've got an Android
app and you're making relationships
with the press. Yeah. That
implies that you are what
we call in the computer
industry, a well balanced person.
You can actually have conversations
with regular people. Yeah. I
don't know if I could
put all of those hats
on and I certainly would
be overwhelmed. I mean, if
you're sitting down on a
random Thursday afternoon, I mean,
you know, like today and
you got to get some
work done, you got like
a master plan, you got
to migrate the database, which
you also got to talk
to, you know, get interviewed
and photographed by magazine. Did
she get overwhelmed? Yeah, absolutely.
This is, this is part
of the reason why I'm
hiring someone this year too,
to work directly with me
that that can, can do
a lot of, kind of
what I do. And this
is also why, you know,
the, the one employee, who's
more of like an assistant.
His name is RP, you
know, he's so essential because
anything that basically I need
to offload and I, and
I know he's capable of
doing, I just sent him
an email. I say, RP,
check my email, you know,
make sure that I'm really
following up and not just
him and to be sincere
about it is really the
tough part because, you know,
I get 50 questions a
day about just our API
and, and, you know, I
really, I really care that's
the difference is, is that,
to me, it's not really
work either. It's something that
I really enjoy. I really
enjoy reaching out to startups
and, and, you know, being
in this sphere where I
can actually meet other entrepreneurs
and, and bounce ideas off
of and different things like
that. It's, it's overwhelming at
times, but I think I
found a pattern of, of
doing it. That that makes
a lot of sense. I
think that the passion of
course must come out. When
you talk to people, I
know you go to startup
events, you are located in
California, so the passion definitely
comes out. Do you think
that being located in California
makes it easier than if
you were in Iowa? Oh,
I think so. I mean,
I've, I've, I've been fortunate
enough to actually grow up
out here. So, so that's
a big advantage of just
kind of knowing, you know,
the lay of the land
a little bit. I think
I only realized it as
a recent, the people that
you will actually run out,
run into living out here.
Like last week I tweeted
a tweet that I was
standing in back of Johnny
I've the, the, you know,
the Apple designer, he designed
the iPad, the iPod, the,
you know, the iPhone, all
these products. And he's just
like, he's a regular Joe
just like me and he's
out to lunch as well.
So, you know, it really
provides an advantage. Just the
people that you'll meet in
the network that you can
build. If you're an entrepreneur,
You had mentioned an API
and not only do you
have, I'll find her.com, but
also your supermarket api.com. So
you've actually got a, that,
that API that you mentioned,
but it's also an open
API. Yes. So help me
understand. I just thought a
minute ago that your intellectual
property is the location of
all of this stuff, but
now you're giving that away.
So how what's to keep
me from making like better,
I'll find her.com and just
calling your API and then
crushing you, but you have
to do the, I know,
right. I know that seems
kind of, kind of a
weird thing to do, but,
you know, I read something
really recently that that changed
my whole opinion of providing
an API. And it was
a book called rework and,
and it was talking about
how, you know, chefs give
away the recipes all the
time. Does it mean that
you're going to open up
a restaurant right next to
them and put them out
of business? No, but you
know, what it does is
it enriches their community. It
helps people to identify with
them and really take into
account that these people are
really trying to help you
to understand what they do.
And, you know, the same
kind of premise is behind
supermarket API. I wanted to
build something that would not
only help us to build
a community of people that
are like-minded. They want to
build something, but also recognize
that the state is very
hard to find. It's very
hard to parse, very hard
to have in one central
place, that's up to date
all the time. And so
just providing that, I said,
you know what, if even
if people build something better
than I will find her,
that's fine, but at least
they'll be using our API
to do that. And, and
you know, who knows, we're
just want to be one
of those, one of those
pillars in the community, as
far as grocery goes, we
want to make sure that,
you know, we have a
long life with this company
and it hasn't, it actually
has been a much more
profitable business. To be honest,
the API itself is, is
kind of the moneymaker and,
and I'll find her has
become more like the passion
project. The thing that really
drives the innovation of our
API. So it's really a
display for our API. I'll
find her husband. Interesting. So
what kind of things are
people building? Are these private
apps? Are these companies like,
like Safeway that are using
these, this data internally? Cause
I haven't seen a lot
of, I'll find our competitors
built on top of your
API. So where, where are
the client apps hiding of
these, these things? You know
what I've seen actually, because
this week we're actually talking
about actually rate limiting the,
the open source version, just
because it's it, we have
users that are constantly, I
don't know what they're building,
but, but they're constantly, you
know, you know, messing up
my, my connection pools and
stuff like that. So it's
just like one of these
things, like, I'm always wondering
what are they building, but
I know like the domains
that they've attached to, you
know, the API APIs and,
you know, I can't really
say on, on air what
you, what they're, but I
mean, some pretty heavyweight people
are actually using our API
and I've looked on their
sites and stuff. And I
see like images and things
like that, that we've pulled
over. So, so that tells
me a few things that
tells me that a, we
need to revise our, our
terms of use, where people
can actually put on their
site, built with Al finder
and B we need to,
you know, make sure that,
that we at least know
who's building what on our
API in, in a more
clear way so that people
can get inspired and build
something that, you know, maybe
goes into competition with it.
I don't know. The possibilities
are kind of endless when
it comes to, you know,
open sourcing something or providing
API for people to build
on. So, Hmm. Well, you
do have that API key,
right? I mean, people have
to sign up to call
everything other than, you know,
getting a list of States.
So you know who they
are because they signed up.
Yeah, Exactly. And I can,
I actually matched that directly
to the queries that I'm
seeing come across our, our
wire. And the thing is
like, I mean, these are,
like I said, these are
pretty heavyweight companies and I
don't want to kind of
out them by of course,
of course. Yeah. But I
mean, there's pretty some, some
pretty nice companies that I
think in the next coming
weeks, they're going to actually
announce some things because they're
doing some heavy, heavy testing
and every morning I wake
up to it, you know,
so Yeah. Yeah. So do
you run this in the
cloud or is this running
in a box under your
desk or is this running
and I assume because of
the nature of the data,
you can probably just cash
the heck out of it.
Yeah, Exactly. So, so we
are doing some caching right
now. I just met with
someone over at, on the,
is your team to move
everything over to the cloud
and use, you know, some,
some databases and things like
that in the cloud, as
far as Microsoft, as your
technology. And so, so that's
kind of the road ahead
for this year is to
migrate everything over there, just
because we want that uptime.
We want to make sure
that everything has some consistency,
you know, cause right now
it's on shared hosting. So
that's kind of the tough
thing. You know, if you
go over your bandwidth, you're,
you're pretty much done. And
you know, it's, you know,
it's a real tough sell,
you know? And so now
it's kind of like, we've
outgrown our britches and now
we need new ones Do.
So you have me right
up to the point where
you said that you were
running on shared hosting. Yeah.
This is like a company
and you're in tech crunch
and you're being, you know,
doesn't that seem a little
bit shortsighted. I mean, this
should be a lot more,
I don't know. I just
expected you to have a
data center of some kind.
No, no, no. Because our
data set is huge. Whoever,
like I said, I mean,
I've utilized.net to, you know,
to where we do have
shared hosting, but we also
have many servers that, you
know, are clustering and, you
know, making it high availability.
So it's just one of
these things that, you know,
we'd rather come up with
a solution that makes more
sense that's in the cloud
and that people can link
back to and do different
things with than just something
that's low. That's nailed down
to a box and, and
all that. Well. And like
you say, because it's a,
it's a giant, largely read
most datasets. It's not like
Twitter where people are writing
to it more than they're
reading from it. Or maybe
equally you could probably keep
the entire data set in
memory and stay off the
SQL server entirely. Well, you
know, that's actually something we're
exploring right now is, you
know, just we're analyzing the
data to see, okay, how
many searches are we getting
a day? How many of
those things, how many are
of the exact same object
that we can, you know,
just keep cashed up and
like our, our staple items
list that starts everyone off.
That's pretty much all in
cash. I mean, that's stuff
that's just, you know, transported
over using a new session.
So, so I mean, those
are the things that we're
really exploring and, you know,
I mean, I'm kind of
a one on one man
army here. So I need
someone to come in and
kind of help me with
that and help me scope
the vision of where we
want to go. Just because,
you know, we're, we're growing
at such a rapid rate
that it's just, it just
makes the most sense. So,
I mean, that's another thing
for startups. I think it's
important to start out a
certain way, like start out
really small, you know, prove
your concept, get your customers
really early on. And then
as you grow, make those
changes go out, you know,
don't build the data center
first, then, you know, then
build your app. I mean,
build something small, prove your
concept and then scale it
out. So that brings me
to an actually an interesting
question. Then when did this
go from being a side
thing to being the full
time thing? Oh, geez. So
about, I want to say
about a year ago, you
know, I pretty much focused,
full, full time on, you
know, just making, I'll find
her 100% better. And then
I dunno, I mean, how
long you've followed the site,
but you can kind of
see the progress that we've
been making over the past
year and just revamps to
the website, making the signup
experience a little bit better,
making the UI and the
look and feel just, you
know, a hundred percent better
than what it was when
we first launched. So I
think that was one of
the things that the press
and the notoriety and everything
was a great thing, but
also to be honest, I
don't think we were ready
at the time. I mean,
as far as site and
app and all these different
things, we, we just weren't
to that point where we
can really be proud of
what, what was happening on
the site or within the
app. So you did a
lot of this, if not
all of it by yourself,
but then at some point
you joined an accelerator, a
business accelerator called the new
me accelerator. Why would a
startup joining an accelerator? And
what exactly does that, does
that offer? The Accelerator was
actually a suggestion by a
friend of mine Toby morning.
He runs a coworking space
here in San Francisco and,
and I think it was
a good decision at the
time because typically accelerators are
where you have an idea,
you have kind of the
start of an idea. You
have a proof of concept,
so to speak, and you're
just kind of looking to
develop the idea a little
bit more and, you know,
an accelerator provides resources in
order for you to, you
know, make relationships and, you
know, maybe even get in
front of a VC or
two. This is celebrated was
really no different. We got
to talk to a lot
of industry leading professionals, like,
you know, the guys at
Foursquare and path, and also
quite a few VCs and
people that have been in
this industry for a long
time. And, and then the
end, we just had a
demo day and, and got
to talk to a lot
of VCs, got to visit
Facebook and, and, and talk
to some of their engineers
and different things like that,
that you, you really wouldn't
have the opportunity to experience
just on your own being
a, you know, a solo
developer. So it was a
lot of relationship building for,
for me and my company,
But I hear that people
who will do startups I'm
told over and over that
you should avoid taking money
if you can find that
to be the case as
well. I absolutely, you know,
we, I mean, in the
very beginning, you know, I
was doing this just off
of the, you know, the
sweater, my brow, you know,
I consult for a long
time and then, you know,
dump the money back in
and, and then, you know,
asked friends and family and,
and try to pay them
back as soon as, and
fast as I can. And,
and sure enough, you know,
it's pretty much worked for
us. I mean, we raised
a little bit of capital
early this year, but it
wasn't anything to write home
about to be honest. So
it was just one of
these things that it was
like, okay, we want to
do a certain amount of
things in a certain amount
of time. Let's raise a
little bit of cash and,
and let's just do it.
You know what I mean?
And we'll, we'll try to
make it easy for the
investors and the angels, and
we'll just try to pay
them back as soon as
it can. And, and, and
that's that. So I think
you should really avoid that
whole discussion until you have
a valid proof of concept,
meaning that you have customers
you're, you're, you've built this
thing out, you're passionate about
it and, and you just
don't see anything else, but
winning. So did you, did
you go out with this
accelerator and just use it
to, to build relationships? Or
did you take money that,
that you would then use
to invest in the business?
Oh, no, no, no, no.
So the accelerator did not
provide any, any capital, no
startup capital whatsoever. It was
more relationships. It was more
relationships and, you know, a
coworking space and, you know,
a lot of mentoring as
well from, yeah. So, so
it was, it was interesting
though, because we didn't to
give any equity up. We,
you know, we're basically kind
of the first experiment to
go through this thing. So
there was just a lot
of bonuses, you know, and
it was also for women
and minorities. So, you know,
it was just a cause
that I supported and a
lot of people in the
community here in Silicon Valley,
they were like, well, you
should, you know, this is
great. You know, that, you
know, it was almost like
they expected me to be
part of this thing because
of, of kind of, you
know, our track record would
I'll find her. Do you,
so you mentioned that you're
doing this right now in.net.
You mentioned Azure. A lot
of people have said that
they don't see a lot
of Microsoft folks doing anything
in the startup space. Does
that, does that true? And
do you find when you're
out there pitching that they
hear, Oh, we did this
in asp.net or, Oh, we
did this on Azure and
they go, Oh, wait a
second. Everyone knows Microsoft only
for enterprises. Yeah. I've seen,
I've seen a little bit
of, of all of that.
I mean, VCs are, you
know, they don't care customers.
They don't care either. They're
more or less like, okay,
does this app work? Does
it work for me? Little,
I haven't yet to meet
a user that is not
a nerd that is saying,
what did you build it
in? What is this? And,
you know, I mean, it
really has, it really has
no bearing on anything. If
you look at just our,
our app itself, the website
it's built in complete asp.net,
but no one's picking it
apart and saying, Hey, this
built in.net. I'm not gonna
use it. It's, you know,
it just is kind of
ridiculous, but there are those
people that are completely, you
know, they're too caught up
on, you know, if you're
developing in the hottest language,
like Ruby on rails or
Python or dart, even, you
know, you know, it's just
kind of elitist crap that,
you know, really doesn't matter.
I built mine into in.net
because, you know, I love
the language and, you know,
Microsoft, you know, has always
made it really easy for
developers. They have a great
ID. Everything else that I've
tried as far as ID
is kind of, you know,
here and there, it's not,
it's not consistent. Like you
get in visual studio, So
it hasn't come up. I
mean, like you don't sit
down with the VCs and
have conversations about your technology
stack and do people care.
Cause I'm trying to get
an understanding of why Microsoft
doesn't like factor into a
lot of the young startups.
I think the availability and
the ease of use is
not being played up. If,
you know, from Microsoft saying,
well, BizSpark does a really,
and we're part of BizSpark
as well. This spark does
a really great job at
providing the technology. However, from
my experience, I mean, I'm
doing all this cool stuff
in.net and aid and Ajax
and stuff. And I'm just
surprised that more startups are,
are not hip to it.
I just think that Microsoft
has kind of lost that
hip factor when it comes
to the market, the marketing
of their, their cool, great
technologies. So, but I think
that that can really easily
be overcome. It's not anything
critical. Microsoft is still leading
as far as the asp.net,
they have tons of developers,
but I think those developers
are kind of in the
closet as that's the good
thing. They don't want to
tell people that they're using.net.
All right. So my last
question for you, I, I
installed I'll find her and
it's, it doesn't have my
town. I, it's not in,
it's not in my tiny
town in Oregon. You've got
thousands of stores, like 3000
or 4,000 stores. How many
stores are there and what
kind of coverage do you
have? Cause I'm sure that
a lot of people will
install it. Some number will
be thrilled. And the other
number will well, I'm in
Podunk, Oregon and my tiny
little grocery store. Isn't there.
Yeah. That's the thing that
really sucks about, about growing
a company like this, there's
only a few of us.
And so we kind of
have to pick and choose
our battles of where people
are shopping. You know, one
thing that we've actually talked
about is, is just taking
it on authority customers, you
know, they want to shop
where they shop. And so
that's why we built our
technology to where once we
do have the story, it
will show up in inside
of our finder. So it's
not static in that sense.
The other thing is that,
you know, if as we
grow, we're going to start
notifying people a little bit
more so that, you know,
if it is their town
that they're shopping in, if
they're in, you know, Lodi,
California or something, you know,
we're actually going to be
there and try to really
integrate, to make sure that
customers know we're in your
town now. And we really
care about you. Yeah. I
think it is a challenge.
I do have my own
little tiny phone app. And
I've discovered that the thing
that will keep you up
at night, feeling bad about
yourself is the reviews. Somebody
has a bad experience and
you don't even know why
they have a bad experience.
And then you'll just end
up getting like, you know,
user number 15, 25, you
know, you suck star. It's
like, Oh, what, you know,
you want to reach out
to that guy or call
his house. What's wrong, man.
And, and that's, that's a
hard thing with, with developing,
you know, the, I mean
for, you know, the app
stores, the market and all
that is that you can't
really reach out to these
people and say, okay, Hey
look, you know what? I
built this thing in phone
gap. My name is Curtis.
You know, you know, you
know, here's the reason why
we don't have your store.
Here's the reason why, or
what's the reason why you
think it stops? What can
we do better? You know?
And, and I think that
that, that kind of needs
to be in place over
the next few years. I'm
yet to see a startup
that really helps that process
along by, you know, getting
feedback from people that are
disgruntled with your apps, or
they think it sucks or
it's, you know, lame or
whatever. Alright, last question. So
you're not in my store,
but I feel like it
would be cool if I
could go to my store,
it would only take me
a little while. Cause I
go there every week, rather
than you calling a that
store, just let me scan
a bunch of stuff or
take, maybe I could even
pictures of the aisle for
you. Like, why don't you
build a street team of
people. I just got to
walk down the aisle and
take a picture of the
sign above the aisle, and
then you can figure it
out from my GPS location.
Now that idea, you know
what I mean? Just basically
say it's kind of a
mechanical Turk thing. Yeah. Give
me, give me a dollar
and or $2. Maybe I
want my money and I
will walk down my aisle
of my local store and
I'll go click, click, click,
click, click, you'll have my
GPS and I'll give you
30 photographs. I'll upload them.
And then your, your buddy
can build a map from
that And see, that's not
a bad idea. The, the
whole reason why we got
away from crowdsourcing, the information
at the very beginning was
because of the accuracy and
the fact that we couldn't
scale it in the sense
that at the time it
was only me and Jonique
our archivist, you know? So
it wasn't like we could
call each one light. And
that's the thing like are
now we're at the point
where, you know, we can
really gain a lot of
steam and users want to
do this sort of thing
that you're talking about, where
they want to upload information,
even if it's just for
their own personal use. So
those are things that were
taken into account on the
mobile side, on the, on
the website. It just hasn't
really panned out very well.
If, if in the very
beginning, we actually had a
way for you to upload
information to a store, but
it just ended up being,
you know, really bad data,
like terrible data, like people
will put in, Oh, it's
up the street from the
seven 11, and then they'll
put two aisles in and
they'll say, that's all I
remember. I got to go
back to it. You know,
I see. Yeah, that's true.
Crowd source data is crowd
source data. Right. And you
get what you pay for.
Yeah. But on the go,
but it is something that
we have talked, we have
talked about doing a mechanical
Turk team to do this
sort of thing, where as
a matter of fact, for
mechanical Turk, we actually utilize
about a hundred employees of
this call center in India.
And they're the ones that
do the verification for us.
So two months from the
time that you enter in
a store, they're basically calling
back that store and seeing
if anything has changed. So,
and we're able to do
that very, very cheaply, very
inexpensively. And we use mechanical
Turk actually to get in
contact with these. So, yeah.
So, so I, you know,
and that's the thing, I,
I just see this as
this is changing the whole
landscape of how we do
business. I mean, I think
the whole outsourcing and offshoring
is really gonna take off
over the next few years.
Well, thanks for chatting with
me, Curtis. I really appreciate
it. Thanks. Oh, I really
appreciate the opportunity. Thanks a
lot. Ben, another episode of
Hansel minutes, we'll see you
again next week.